# Neural-Networks-and-Deep-Learning-Project---Group-2
This is the repository for the Neural Networks and Deep Learning course final project. We are group 2 and our group members are Ramil Altura, Weiwei Wang and Yuyang Shen.

The model.py is the file that describes the data processing, and the model building. After training the model, it generates a .keras file that includes the model's weight and structure. In the reference we refer to, they save the model into 2 files,.h5(structure) and .json(weight). The codes for the model did not work initially, we worked on the codes, fixing the bugs and made the codes run successfully. However, we still run into problems with connecting it to Udacity car simulator. The simulator and datasets resources are referred from: https://github.com/udacity/self-driving-car-sim, we recomend using term 1, version 2. We also attached the file in our repository.

The model.keras saves the model's weights and structure.

The self-driving.ipynb uses Jupyter notebook to visualize the model.py where we can adjust the model.

The utils.py is the document that defines some functions that could be used in drive.py and model.py.

The drive.py is the document that connects the model and the simulator.

The driving_log.csv is the dataset that we generated by using the simulator.

Open the Anaconda Prompt, and activate your environment. We use the Python=3.8. Make sure other libraries are not in conflict.
Run the code: python model.py
Run the code: python drive.py model.keras
Run the simulator in autonomous mode.
